There are four types of donors to charity: He who desires to give that others should not give begrudges the privilege of others; he who desires that others should give but will not give himself is greedy; he who gives and wishes others to give is godly; he who will not give and does not wish others to give is wicked.
There are four types of those who attend school: He who attends and does not practise [the teachings of the school] secures the reward for attending; he who practises [leads a good life] but does not attend [to acquire knowledge] secures the reward for practising; he who attends and practises is godly; he who neither attends nor practises is wicked.
There are four types of those who sit before scholars: A sponge, a funnel, a strainer, and a sieve. A sponge absorbs all; a funnel receives at one end and lets out at the other; a strainer lets out the wine and retains the dregs; a sieve lets out the flour dust and retains the fine flour.
All love which depends on sensual attraction will pass away as soon as the sensual attraction disappears; but if it is not dependent on sensual attraction, it will never pass away. Which love was dependent on sensual attraction? The love of Amnon and Tamar. And which depended on nothing selfish? The love of David and Jonathan.
Any controversy which is in the name of Heaven [from sincere motive] is destined to result in something permanent; any controversy which is not in the name of Heaven will never result in anything permanent. Which controversy was in the name of Heaven? The controversy between Hillel and Shammai. And which was not in the name of Heaven? The controversy of Korah and all his company.
Whoever leads the people to righteousness, no sin shall occur through him; whoever leads the people to sin shall not be enabled to repent. Moses was righteous and led the people to righteousness, hence the merit of the people is attributed to him, as it is said: “He performed the justice of the Lord, and his ordinances with Israel.” Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, sinned and caused others to sin, hence the sin of the people is attributed to him, as it is said: “For the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned and caused Israel to sin.”
