men is their strength, and the beauty of old men is gray hair.” “The crown of the wise is their riches.” “Grandchildren are the crown of old men, and fathers are the pride of their children.” And it says: “The moon shall be confounded and the sun ashamed; for the Lord of hosts will be King on Mount Zion and in Jerusalem, and there shall be glory before the elders of his people.”

Rabbi Simeon ben Menasya said: These seven qualities, which the sages have enumerated as becoming to the righteous, were all realized in Rabbi Judah ha-Nasi and his sons.
Rabbi Yosé ben Kisma said: I was once travelling on the road when a man met me and greeted me, and I returned his greeting. He said to me: “Rabbi, from what place are you?” I said to him: “I come from a great city of sages and scholars.” He said to me: “Rabbi, are you willing to live with us in our place? I will give you a million golden dinars, and precious stones and pearls.” I told him: “Were you to give me all the silver and gold and precious stones and pearls in the world, I would not live anywhere except in a place of Torah.” In a like manner, it is written in the Book of Psalms by David, king of Israel: “Thy own teaching means more to me than thousands in gold and silver.” Furthermore, when a man dies, neither silver nor gold nor precious stones nor pearls accompany him, but Torah and good deeds alone, as it is said: “When you walk, it shall guide you; when you lie down, it shall watch over you; and when you awake, it shall talk with you.” When you walk, it shall guide you in this world; when you lie down, it shall watch over you in the grave; and when you awake, it shall talk with you in the world to come. It says also: “Mine is the silver and mine is the gold, says the Lord of hosts.”
Five possessions has the Holy One, blessed be he, specifically declared his own in his world, namely: the Torah, heaven and earth, Abraham, Israel, and the sanctuary. How do we know this about the Torah? Because it is written: “The Lord possessed
