designs perish.
Happy is he who has the God of Jacob as his help, whose hope rests upon the Lord his God,
Maker of heaven and earth and sea and all that is therein; who keeps faith forever,
renders justice to the oppressed, and feeds those who are hungry. The Lord sets the captives free.
The Lord opens the eyes of the blind, raises those who are bowed down, and loves the righteous.
The Lord protects the strangers, and upholds the fatherless and the widow; but the way of the wicked he thwarts.
The Lord shall reign forever; your God, O Zion, for all generations. Praise the Lord!

Praise the Lord! It is good to sing to our God, it is pleasant; praise is comely.
The Lord rebuilds Jerusalem; he gathers together the dispersed people of Israel.
He heals the broken-hearted, and binds up their wounds.
He counts the number of the stars, and gives a name to each.
Great is our Lord and abundant in power; his wisdom is infinite.
The Lord raises the humble; he casts the wicked down to the ground.
Sing thanks to the Lord; make melody upon the harp to our God,
who covers the sky with clouds, provides rain for the earth, and causes grass to grow upon the hills.
He gives food to the cattle and to the crying young ravens.
He cares not for [those who rely on] the strength of the horse; he delights not in [those who rely on] a warrior’s legs.
The Lord is pleased with those who revere him, those who yearn for his kindness.
Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem! Praise your God, O Zion!
He has indeed fortified your gates; he has blessed your children within.
He establishes peace within your territory, and fills you with the finest of wheat.
He sends forth his command to the earth; his word runs very swiftly.
He gives snow like wool; he scatters hoarfrost like ashes.
He casts forth his ice like crumbs; who can stand before his cold?
He sends forth his word and melts them; he causes his wind to blow, and the waters flow.
He declares his word to Jacob, his statutes and ordinances to Israel.
He has not dealt so with heathen nations; his ordinances they do not know. Praise the Lord!

Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord from the heavens; praise him in the heights.
Praise him, all his angels; praise him, all his hosts.
