<noinclude><pagequality level="4" user="Tamzin" />{{rh|110|''Morning Service''|}}</noinclude>name’s sake. Have compassion on thy people; have mercy on thy heritage; spare us in thy great mercy; take pity on us and answer us, for righteousness is thine, O Lord, who doest wonders at all times.

O look down and speedily have mercy on thy people for the sake of thy name; in thy great compassion, Lord our God, mercifully spare and save thy own flock; let no wrath prevail against us, for our eyes are lifted to thee; save us for thy name’s sake. Have mercy on us for the sake of thy covenant; look down and answer us in time of distress, for salvation is thine, O Lord; our hope rests with thee, God of forgiveness. O forgive, beneficent and forgiving God, for thou art a gracious and merciful God and King.

O gracious and merciful King, remember thy covenant with Abraham; let the attempted sacrifice of his only son appear before thee for Israel’s sake. Our Father, our King, be gracious to us and answer us, for we bear thy great name; thou who doest wonders at all times, deal with us according to thy kindness. Thou who art gracious and merciful, look down and answer us in time of distress, for salvation is thine, O Lord. Our Father, our King, our
Refuge, deal not with us according to our evil deeds; remember, O Lord, thy mercy and thy kindness; save us, in thy great goodness, and have compassion on us, for we have no other God besides thee. Our Rock, forsake us not; Lord our God, be not far from us; for we are exhausted from war and captivity, pestilence and plague, and from every trouble and sorrow. Rescue us, for thou art our hope; put us not to shame, Lord our God; let thy favor shine upon us; remember the covenant of our fathers, and save us for thy name’s sake. Look at our troubles, and hear the voice of our prayer, for thou hearest the prayer of every mouth.

Merciful and gracious God, have compassion on us and on all that thou hast made, for there is none like thee, Lord our God. O forgive our transgressions, our Father, our King, our Rock and Redeemer, thou everlasting and almighty God, who art kind and good to all that thou hast made; truly, thou art the Lord our God. O God, who art slow to anger and full of compassion, deal with us<noinclude></noinclude>