<noinclude><pagequality level="1" user="71.235.71.10" />Evening Service for Sabbaths and Festivals</noinclude>teach them diligently to your children, and you shall speak of them when you are sitting at home and when you go on a journey, when you lie down and when you rise up. You shall bind them for a sign on your hand, and they shall be for frontlets between your eyes. You shall inscribe them on the doorposts of your house and on your gates.

''Deuteronomy 11:13-21''

And if you will carefully obey my commands which I give you today, to love the Lord your God and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul, I will give rain for your land at the right season, the autumn rains and the spring rains, that you may gather in your grain, your wine and your oil. And I will produce grass in your fields for your cattle, and you will eat and be satisfied. Beware lest. your heart be deceived, and you turn and serve other gods and worship them; for then the Lord’s anger will blaze against you, and he will shut up the skies so that there will be no rain, and the land will yield no produce, and you will quickly perish from the good land which the Lord gives you. So you shall place these words of mine in your heart and in your soul, and you shall bind them for a sign on your hand, and they shall be for frontlets between your eyes. You shall teach them to your children, speaking of them when you are sitting at home and when you go
on a journey, when you lie down and when you rise up. You shall inscribe them on the doorposts of your house and on your gates — that your life and the life of your children may be prolonged in the land, which the Lord promised he would give to your fathers, for as long as the sky remains over the earth.

''Numbers 15:37-41''

The Lord spoke to Moses, saying: Speak to the children of Israel and tell them to make for themselves fringes on the corners of their garments throughout their generations, and to put on the fringe of each corner a blue thread. You shall have it as a fringe, so that when you look upon it you will remember to do all the commands of the Lord, and you will not follow the desires of your heart and your eyes which lead you astray. It is for you to remember and do all my commands and be holy for your God. I<noinclude></noinclude>