<noinclude><pagequality level="1" user="71.235.71.10" />Evening Service for Sabbaths

----</noinclude>Thou art holy and thy name is holy, and holy beings praise thee daily. * Blessed art thou, O Lord, holy God.

''*Between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur substitute:''

(Blessed art thou, O Lord, holy King.)

Thou hast sanctified to thyself the seventh day, marking the end of the creation of heaven and earth; thou hast blessed it above all days, and hallowed it above all festivals, as it is written in thy Torah:

Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all their host. By the seventh day God had completed his work which he had made, and he rested on the seventh day from all his work in which he had been engaged. Then God blessed the seventh day and hallowed it, because on it he rested from all his work which he had created.

Our God and God of our fathers, be pleased with our rest. Sanctify us with thy commandments and grant us a share in thy Torah; satisfy us with thy goodness and gladden us with thy help; purify our heart to serve thee sincerely. In thy gracious love, Lord our God, grant that we keep thy holy Sabbath as a heritage; may Israel who sanctifies thy name rest on it. Blessed art thou, O Lord, who hallowest the Sabbath.

Be pleased, Lord our God, with thy people Israel and with their prayer; restore the worship to thy most holy sanctuary; accept Israel’s offerings and prayer with gracious love. May the worship of thy people Israel be ever pleasing to thee.

''On Rosh Hodesh and Hol haMo‘ed add:''

(Our God and God of our fathers, may the remembrance of us, of our fathers, of Messiah the son of David thy servant, of Jerusalem thy holy city, and of all thy people the house of Israel,<noinclude>
{{rule}}

''R'tzei Vimenuchateinu'', like the ''Kiddush'', ends with ''Mikadeish Hashabbat''; on festivals, however, Israel is included in the formula ''Mikadeish Yisrael v'Hazemanim''. According to the Talmud (Pesahim 117b), Israel is mentioned in the phrase used on festivals because through Israel the festivals are sanctified, since the length of each
month is fixed by Jewish authorities who thereby fix the dates of the festivals. The Sabbath, on the other hand, is permanently fixed and depends entirely on God.</noinclude>